In this lecture we're going to learn a little bit more about queering we're going to do some advanced
stuff with that and we're going to be working with the score class here.
So right now we have two objects in there.
You know let's say we wanted to grab more than just one person score like we wanted to grab everybody's
score.
How could we do that.
Well let's go ahead and move back to android studio and we have got a lot of code here with all these
different examples that we did so I'm going to go ahead and clear that out so that we have a start fresh
start here to move forward.
So how can we make it so that we grab all the score objects.
Well we are going to create a parce queery.
And with this again set our angle brackets we are looking for a parse object or parse object boum.
So I'm just going to call this lowercase queery.
We're going to say this is equal to parse query dot get queery.
And again we are looking for the score class.
Now this is where things take a turn.
So before when we said queery dot and we wanted to do you know our find in background.
So with this we were putting before.
See here let's make sure you find the background we were putting in first the ID of that particular
object and then we were doing you know the new find callback.
But in this situation we're not looking for a particular ID we want everything and so now we are just
going to say new are going to do capital find callback.
And with this we are going to type out here if we put in parentheses here we just want to check and
make sure we're actually got some objects and I guess I should take a second to mention here.
Look at this.
We are getting back a list of park parse objects and the situation writes Not one singular object so
that's pretty important here.
So we want to make sure that we didn't have any errors with this situation so we're going to first check
and see if e is equal to no.
So if it's not that means that we're probably safe to move forward.
Next thing that we want to check and see is if there's actual objects inside of the objects list so
we're going to do another if statement or to say if objects dot and we want to get the size right to
say if this is greater than zero then we're able to move forward and no.
All right we've got some objects and work with them.
So if that is the case then let's go ahead and do a for loop through these objects.
So we're going to say four and we just want to say capital parse object that we'll call a singular object.
Notice no s.
So we're gonna have singular object Colan objects with an S So it's going to loop through and each time
it goes to a particular object it will name it object.
And then we can go ahead and get some information about.
So let's go ahead and just log out information about the score object so the first thing that we should
probably get is the user name.
So we're going to say user name here and what we're going to do for the string is we need to get access
to the object not get string.
And the key that we're going to pass in here is username because we want to get their username and we'll
do something similar for the score although with the score it's an integer.
We're going to have to do some conversion there but we're going to say we're looking for the score we
want to get the score but I guess you know let's just retype this because we want to say get in it for
the score and we're going to have to convert that so we'll do our capital integer to string and let's
make sure we put object back in there and then want to add an additional parentheses.
So that should log out that information.
OK.
So don't forget we need to have a semi-colon down here to wrap up this new find in background.
And we seem to have somehow lost and in parentheses here so we'll go ahead and put that in.
That should make things happy so if this works out we should be able to log out to users and their scores
with this one particular query.
So let's go ahead and run this
write emulator here and then open up Blog that.
All right so it opens up and look at that.
We print out Nick 45 Shonn 85 so it successfully went to parse and got each of the objects so you see
we're not just getting one object by its particular ID.
We're now listing through a bunch of objects and getting access to each of them.
So now that you know how to do this the next thing that we want to do is move forward and talk about
how we can then search for a particular object.
So you know maybe we're getting the list but we only want to know people who name starts with this or
you know their scores are higher than something like that right.
So before we do the query so we're going to type up here.
We want to set some additional parameters so you can say query where and you'll notice if you type where
there's all sorts of different options here.
But the one that we're looking for is where equal to.
And if we do this we want to say you know we want to know where there is usernames.
Let me make sure that it's lower case user name you've got to spell that correctly.
So where the lowercase username is equal to.
And let's pick one of the users names so maybe let's go with Sean here.
So we'll come back and say give us all the people who have the name Sean then with that we have to then
specify here you don't have to do this but I think it's probably a good healthy thing.
You know let's say there were multiple Shan's you might get back a bunch of objects which maybe that's
what you want but also you maybe want to limit that to only one shot.
So if you can say Get limit is equal to 1.
Excuse me get limit.
We want to set the limit and we might set that equal to 1 to say hey we only want to get one result
back from that we still need to loop through because we're still getting the list.
But that kind of says hey we only want one and it doesn't have to be one.
Let's maybe you know if we wanted five Sean objects we could have put a you know an option of five but
it's really up to you about how you handle that.
So go ahead and hit run.
Let's make sure we're getting the correct information here.
And it's go ahead and open up log cat if we scroll look at that we get Sean 85 and Nick is nowhere to
be seen.
So that's great.
Now I have a challenge for you and the challenge is as follows So let's go ahead and clear all this
out.
We want to start fresh here.
The challenge for you is I want you to make it so that you go through all of these score objects and
say hey as long as someone has a score higher than 50 I want you to give them an additional 20 points
so you can see one person is above.
One is not above 50.
So if the user is above 50 points I want you to add 20 to their score.
OK.
Go ahead and hit pause to do that now all right so hopefully that went well for you again.
Wanted you to go through all the score objects find people who have a score greater than 50 add 20 to
it.
So we are going to make a parse query just like we did before.
We're looking for PARSE objects and we'll just go ahead and call this query it is going to be equal
to none.
And we just want to say parse queery dot get query and we are looking for a score objects.
And then we have to specify the query that you know hey we only want scores that are greater than 50.
So you remember when I said with these where's there's all sorts of options so we're going to search
for where greater than and you know I haven't particularly taught you this so this is where you know
hopefully you found this via google or just trying things out on your own.
But we're going to say where a greater than and we're going to specify first the key score and then
the value of 50 or saying where the score is greater than 50.
So now that we have that sort of parameter in place saying you know we only want those people we can
now take our queery and do a find in background k.
And what this find in background we want to do a new find callback just like this.
So this gives us back the list.
Let's go ahead and do a combined if statement here for checking for e being equal to no.
And also we'll go ahead and we'll do the Ampere's stamps here to say and let's make sure that objects
is not equal to no.
So if that's the case then we know we can safely do a for loop through these objects so we're going
to say four and we'll just make a parse object that we'll call object.
I mean you could if you wanted to be a little more specific here and you could say this is a score.
I might just do that for fun so that you know you can see that there's nothing special about that name
object and in this case it might make it easier to read.
So with this let's go ahead and you know add additional points to the score so we're going to take the
score object dot put.
And the key that we're trying to update is score and remember we want to add 20 to their score so we
need to take the existing score and add 22.
So in order to get that existing score we're going to take our score object get it for the score key.
We're going to take that and add 20 on to it.
So we're taking what's already there adding 20 onto it and putting that in this new score object.
Now we're going to say score thought save in background.
Boom.
That is the code we need.
So let's go ahead and run this.
Make sure that it works correctly.
We have talked the talk let's make sure we can walk the walk or wait for the app to open up there.
It looks like it's done it's stuff we didn't log anything so we won't see anything here in Lague cab.
But if we go up here we should see that Sean who has a score greater than 50 should bump up to 105.
But Nick who has a score less than 50.
Nothing should happen to him.
So we'll go ahead and reload here.
Boom.
Look at that because he had a score greater than 50.
He updated with 20 points.
So now you know how to update that.
Now in the next lecture we're going to be talking about the user or this is something we want to make
sure we really grasp and understand before we move on to making that Instagram Instagram app so let's
go ahead and dive into that now.